It’s one of the world’s greatest living wonders
The largest living structure on Earth
An ecosystem of extraordinary diversity
Where the tiniest creatures live in harmony with the rest
The Great Barrier Reef
*Seal roaring*
Come with us on an exploration of this magnificent
and remarkable environment
Through the eyes of the one who grew up here
as she shares her journey
with others committed to protecting it.
*Music playing*
- I think we can achieve anything we set our minds to
- but we need to work together.
- It’s about making a difference
- When I’m older I want to know that I did my best
to leave this place better that I found it.
Great Barrier Reef
Experience the wonder
A film for IMAX and giant screen theatre's